---
title: "Severon"
excerpt: "Weapon model for Burnfront"

header:
  overlay_image: /assets/images/RK-08.JPG
  teaser: /assets/images/RK-08.JPG
  overlay_filter: 0.5

project_brief: "Weapon model"
project_role: "Project Lead"
project_tools: "Unreal, Blender, Zbrush, Substance painter"
project_date: "Coming Soon"
---
## Burnfront Breif
In Burnfront, players are thrust into Nexis, a sprawling digital realm that acts as a virtual internet, an interconnected cyberspace. Nexis is more than just an online communication hub; it is a living, breathing digital ecosystem that allows users to access the World Wide Web through an immersive, interactive experience. However, this virtual landscape is under siege. A devastating virus has infiltrated the core systems of major corporate networks, including Bryce and Sons’ architecture, Blue Wind Security, Weaver Advertising Firm, and Shippers. This virus has transformed these once-stable organizations into corrupted fortresses filled with hostile entities and dangerous anomalies. Players step into the role of Kay, a freelance netrunner for the CCP (Cenova City Police), an elite hacker tasked with infiltrating Nexis to uncover the source of the virus. Kay’s mission is clear: trace the virus’s origin, contain its spread, and unmask the mastermind behind the attack. Armed with advanced hacking tools and combat abilities, Kay must navigate through intricately designed levels, each representing the infected corporate networks now twisted by the virus’s influence.

---
## About the RK-08
One of Kay Walker’s primary weapons is a pair of dual semi-automatic pistols designed for rapid-fire combat and high target coverage. These pistols excel at overwhelming large groups of enemies, allowing Kay to maintain constant pressure through sustained fire and quick target switching.

Beyond their crowd-control capability, the pistols are also effective at dealing significant stagger damage, disrupting enemy attacks and creating openings for follow-up actions. Their balance of speed, precision, and impact makes them a versatile tool in Kay’s arsenal, especially in fast-paced encounters where mobility and control are essential.

---

### Resources
- [Public game demo](https://jaydenyounger.itch.io/burnfront-combat-demo)
- [Burfront cel shading](https://www.artstation.com/artwork/DLXBVG)
- [Artstation project link](https://www.artstation.com/artwork/K34XDG)